He's constantly subtweeting and like, you know, making fun of Trump.
Yeah. Oh, that's interesting. Wow. That's gonna be fun. I'm sure.
A fun household, but what's this is what gets me go full screen in this go.
You can't what's interesting. Is these dumies behind him. Yeah.
Like while this is happening,
one of the interesting things about this to me is that his
back is to all these people, which is very odd, right?
So they're all behind him. Instead of having a static backdrop,
you you're getting to, part of the thing is the other people,
it's not just him, it's their reactions, groceries you.
Yeah. It's its a sense of belonging to a weird group. Yeah.
And everyone has that like leftists and rightists and whatever all have this
weird belonging. But when it's, again, it goes back to the China thing. Right?
Well we have Fox news.
We have a way of giving people information that if you follow,
I follow Fox news on Twitter, because I wanna see what they tell people. Right?
Yes. And it's, it's a weird thing. Cause it's not like it's all lies. Right.
There's there's often lies they're there,
but it's like a very different mixture of things than you would get from the
rest of the media. And a lot of it is it's very clear if you,
if you follow Fox news, like they're, they're targeting in older, white,
uh, rural, suburban audience, right? Yes.
So there's a lot of like weird human interest stories about an alligator popping
outta the sewer and things like that.
Like things that are not they're they're they have no political agenda,
but they're just trying to get those old.
White people to pay attention.
Yeah. Well they're,
they're sending a message that the world is kind of scary and weird and you
know, we need to protect ourselves. There's an alligator on the golf course.
They yeah. Like they love those stories. Right. <laugh> it's.
The alligator of the golf course.
Is my favorite. It's just local news. Yes. It's the 10 o'clock local news put,
you know, uh, nationwide and added in there with some, uh,
cheerleading for this bizarrely dysfunctional administration. Well isn't.
Sean Hannity now the number one, watch cable news program.
I, something like that. Yeah. I don't know the number. I think it's.
Number one and it's awful. <laugh> they.
Just, they just, uh, there was just a poll. This goes back to the, you know,
social credit thing. They did a poll. What is the most trusted news source? Um,
and Fox news gave number two. What's number.
One. BBC. That makes sense. Well,
CNN is just taking a giant hit because his constant,
constant berating of them. And then you see Jim Acosta, you know, the whole,
these, all these pro wrestling fans,
like giving him the finger and screaming at 'em and yeah. And it's.
It's what I, I, I do worry, uh,
that this is a hard thing to come back from because you know, once you,
you know, like one, another thing that Trump said was that, you know,
don't believe anything you're told, right.
Unless you hear it from me and Shawn says the same thing. No, I was sorry.
Tucker Carlson said the same thing. Right. Did he say that too?
Tucker Carlson said like, yeah. Any other show than this one? Don't believe it.
Yeah. Look at this.
The media he has on women for Trump. Yeah. It's just what,
and then after listening to this radio lab podcast about
these Russian troll farms and about how they implement these things,
you gotta think is all of this organic is how many
of, how much of this is orchestrated?
How much of this attacking CNN is orchestrated.
It's part of it is part of it is just, it builds on itself. Right? All you.
Need is just a little bit of.
A push talking to someone who is, uh, who is, you know,
boasting about how hard Donald Trump works.
That like compared to previous presidents, he's really just putting in the, oh,
that's not true. Right.
Which is like really the least thing that you could think about. Yeah. He.
Wakes up late, he watches eight hours. He watches TV a day, plays.
Golf every day. He like spends all the time at his own resorts.
Like of all the fantasies you could invent. That's a very weird one. Well.
People just love to find narratives that fit. What, what would be, you know,
acceptable for their opinions, this, this side that they've taken.
Yeah, exactly. Right. Yeah. And so he's, you know, he give them credit.
He gives people a narrative that works for them. Well.
CNN does it too. Cuz CNN, they, they spent so little time, uh,
going over Donna Brazil's book about how the DNC had been
corrupted and about how they had rigged the primaries for Hillary and really
screwed Bernie Sanders over this is not a narrative that they dwelled on.
They didn't dwell on the fact that she illegally deleted 30 plus thousand
emails and said there were about yoga classes. <laugh> like that,
that is just as preposterous.
And just as it's just as damning against CNN as some of the nonsense
that Fox news does, there's no one pure organization of news. That's.
Wholly objective. It's not just as. I, I would.
I think that Fox news is special. I especially damning, I think that Fox,
I mean,
Fox news was founded by a guy who was a political operative for the Republican
party, right?
Like there might like individual reporters for most news organization tend to be
liberal. Uh, but they also sometimes tend to overcorrect for that,
like to try to bend over backwards, to be fair,
like way more Republicans are quoted in the New York times than Democrats ever
are. Mm. And I, I think that there are certainly biases and certainly, um,
uh, misrepresentations of reality from all of these different outlets.
But I think Fox news is special among the major ones.
I would, I would concede that. And, but I also think that one,
one example like the New York times is different because the New York times I
feel like because of the fact that's,
it's actually writers and it's in text you're,
you're not dealing with people that have to be comfortable performing in front
of a camera, which eliminates a large SWA of intellectuals.
Right. It's a very different medium,
it's a different and they fact check and you know, uh,
it's carnival corrections. Yeah. You know, in a way that the,
the TV does not yeah, yeah. It's.
Theater. Yeah. It's a different thing. Yeah.
And people like Sean Hannity that if you read his written word,
I don't think he would stand out.
No. And I, and again, I, like I said,
it was before I worry about what happens next, cuz I,
I don't think that Trump will win again. I think he will. All right. I,
I don't think so. Think.
It's entirely possible. He'll win again.
Yeah. I would be. But again, I didn't think,
think he was gonna win the first time. No, I did not. So I was just gonna say,
don't listen to me. Like, uh, before Donald Trump,
I was really good at predicting. Who's gonna win elections and the,
I have no ability once he's in the, in the game. So, but I,
I worry that the people who sort of are on his side are gonna feel even more
disenfranchised and disenchanted and angry after he loses again than they do
now. And that's, that's gonna.
Be a problem. I think that's a real fear. And I, I think that the,
one of the reasons why I said it's entirely possible and I don't know if he will
win again, but I don't even know if I believe he'll win again.
But I think it's a possibility.
And I think that one of the reasons why I think that is I don't see wh who's
the, the big candidate on the other side, that's opposing him.
That stands out right now. Yeah. That's a problem.
And I think there's a real issue with people not wanting the job.
<laugh> it's a really scary job. Yeah. You know? I mean, it, it, it sucks.
You drive like a vampire that's hooked up to the back of your neck.
It's just so even with him,
with his unique ability to sociopathically,
sort of navigate the waters of accuse and guilt,
he still looks beaten down by this job. Yeah.
But people want it. Maybe not the people we want to want it. Right.
Who wants it.
On the Democrat side? Who wants it on the left? That stands out. I.
Mean, I think I'm not excited by any of the people right now,
but I think no one is, I bet there's gonna be 10 people running. At least I,
I think that Biden is at least 50% chance to run Elizabeth.
Warren's definitely gonna run. Do.
You think Elizabeth Warren though,
she's got that real problem with the whole pons thing. Well,
that whole Indian thing,
whether you gonna run that narrative than whether you gonna win. Yeah. Right.
But that, that is a giant problem. The,
the thing that she may have faked whether or not she has native and heritage and
she's not willing to take a DNA test and that's this native American heritage,
she claimed is how she got into Harvard. And she,
she used that in order to get special status. And that's a problem,
you know,
whether or not you should forgive someone for something they did a long,
long time ago, which I think you probably should. The,
the problem is it sort of, in some ways,
negates a lot of the good work and things that she said, because people say,
I can't trust her. She lied about her actual ethnicity.
Yeah. It's but what is hard for me to do is to predict how much it will matter.
Right? Yeah. Like in 2008 we had, uh,
a race between a Vietnam war hero and a black guy whose middle name was Husain.
<laugh> right. If you had told me that a few years earlier, who's gonna win.
Yeah. We would've.
Gotten that one round. We also had Sarah Palin. I think exactly.
This is what we don't.
Know had taken a better running mate. It's entirely possible McCain.
Would've been president.
I think that people were really tired of George w and I think that, uh,
McCain was just not a good candidate. I think he was gonna lose no.
Matter what. Well,
I think also Obama was so charismatic and so uniquely
intelligent and smooth and relaxed. And statesmanlike, I think he,
he fit the bill, but remember president.
People were worried about like went to Jeremiah rights church and things like
that. Right. Right. Stuff that didn't like at the time it was a big deal.
And you know, who cares eight years later, right? Yeah.
So I don't know about the Pana stuff.
Uh, that's not, that's a big one though.
The Pana stuff is a big one because it's a personal lie.
I don't know. But again, I mean, I think Cory, Booker's gonna run,
came Harris run, uh, who knows. There's a bunch of people. I, I,
I would not be at all surprised if Joe Biden didn't run and I kind of don't
think that he should, but uh,
he's getting up there and he's a Washington insider,
which is not really what the country wants right.
Now in 1988 in Boston,
we used to have Joe Biden night at the comedy clubs and Joe Biden night was a
night where would do other people's material.
<laugh> cause this is when Joe Biden got, got busted. Yeah.
With Kennedy's speeches. Yeah.
Well, and Neil Kinnick, the British politician stole.
From him too. And this was when he was running for president in 88. Right.
And so we, he's.
Never done very well running for president. Like he's done several times.
It's so I'm,
I think that he was a good vice president and people like him for that.
And they might not want him to do more.
Than that.
Vice president's a great job if you want no one to pay attention to you. Yeah.
You.
Know exactly.
You know, it's like being the, the, you know, the,
the co-star and a buddy cop movie with a huge.
Superstar, few responsibilities. Good to some funerals. Yeah, yeah. Right.
Easy.
Yeah. Unless you're Mike where you're trying to, you know,
make it the hand aids tale behind the scenes.
He seems like he's kinda laying back though. Like,
especially over the last few months like that Trump is so insane that
you see very little Mike, pat.
I don't think you see very little of him,
but I think that he's trying his best to put in policies behind the scenes.
Well.
Um, what is this new thing that Jeff sessions is trying to.
Religious freedom. Yes.
Which means you have to obey whatever the fundamentalist Christians <laugh> want
to do.
Yeah. Well, this is what, you know,
Michael malice was tweeting about this the other day. When, when he, he,
he tweeted this, he said,
when I said that a version of Sharia law could very well
be coming outta this administration, this is what I'm talking about. Yeah. Yeah.
It's a, it's a weird backward thing where you define religious freedom to be,
let fundamentalist Christians do whatever they want. Right.
Yeah. And, and do it by law.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and it's, it's tricky because, uh,
yeah. I don't know. I mean, if someone wants to,
part of me is a little bit Liber and when it comes to personal action,
like if someone doesn't wanna deal with you, that's their right. Yeah.
But when whole groups are being subject systematically to discrimination,
like gays are then yeah. The government steps in to protect them a little bit.
And I think that's okay.